title:Product Concentration, Yield and Productivity in Anaerobic Digestion to Produce Short Chain Organic Acids: A Critical Analysis of Literature Data,abstract:In order to make anaerobic digestion-based processes for short chain organic acid (SCOA) production attractive, the key performance variables, i.e., concentration, yield, and productivity of the produced SCOAs need to be maximised. This study analysed recent literature, looking for the effect of process operating parameters (feed concentration, pH, temperature, and residence time) on the performance variables. Data from 551 experiments were analysed. Mean values of the SCOA concentration, yield, and productivity were 10 g l-1, 32% (chemical oxygen demand (COD) COD-1), and 1.9 g l-1 day-1, respectively. Feed concentration and residence time had the most important effect. Higher feed concentration corresponded to higher product concentration and productivity, but to lower yield. The mean feed concentration was 109 gCOD l-1 and 19 gCOD l-1 in the experiments with the highest product concentrations and in the experiments with the highest yields, respectively. Shorter residence times corresponded to higher productivity. The mean HRT (hydraulic residence time) in the experiments with the highest productivities was 2.5 days. Sequencing batch reactors gave higher values of the performance variables (mean values 29 g l-1, 41% COD COD-1, and 12 g l-1 day-1 for product concentration, yield, and productivity, respectively) than processes without phase separation.
title:A Review of the Chemistry of Anaerobic Digestion: Methods of Accelerating and Optimizing Process Efficiency,abstract:The anaerobic digestion technology has been in existence for centuries and its underlying theory established for decades. It is considered a useful technology for the generation of renewable energy, and provides means to alleviate problems associated with low access to energy. However, a great deal of current research is targeted towards the optimization of this technology under diverse digestion process conditions. This review presents an in-depth analysis of the chemistry of anaerobic digestion and discusses how process chemistry can be used to optimize system performance through identification of methods that can accelerate syntrophic interactions of different microorganisms for improved methanogenic reactions. Recent advances in addition to old research are discussed in order to offer a general but comprehensive synopsis of accumulated knowledge in the theory of anaerobic digestion, as well as an overview of previous research and future directions and opportunities of the AD technology. Achieving a sustainable energy system requires comprehensive reforms in not just economic, social and policy aspects, but also in all technical aspects, which represents one of the most crucial future investments for anaerobic digestion systems.
title:Chemically Stressed Bacterial Communities in Anaerobic Digesters Exhibit Resilience and Ecological Flexibility,abstract:Anaerobic digestion is a technology known for its potential in terms of methane production.
title:A Review of Pretreatment Methods to Enhance Solids Reduction during Anaerobic Digestion of Municipal Wastewater Sludges and the Resulting Digester Performance: Implications to Future Urban Biorefineries,abstract:The rapid increase in the population is expected to result in the approaching of design capacity for many US wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) over the next decade. WWTPs treat both municipal and industrial wastewater influents, resulting in the production of biosolids after digestion. Biogas, a potential recovered alternative energy source, is also produced as an output from successful anaerobic digestion. More than 7M of dry tons/year of biosolids produced in the US are most often disposed in either landfills or land-applied (~80%). These options are becoming more challenging to implement due to increases in transportation costs and tipping fees, decreases in the availability of landfill/landfarm space, and most importantly, increased regulations. This situation is strongly encouraging WWTPs to find alternatives for the disposal of biosolids. Developing alternative management/disposal options for biosolids are evolving. One of the most attractive alternative option from a sustainability perspective are biorefineries (converts waste to commercial products), which are a fast-growing option given the push toward circular urban source economies (little to no waste generation). Anaerobic digestion has been widely applied in WWTPs to reduce the volume of activated sludge due to its low energy requirements, effective handling of fluctuations due to organic loading rate, relative flexibility with temperature and pH changes, and since biogas is produced that can be transformed into energy. Various pretreatment methods for waste sludges prior to digestion that have been studied to reduce solids production and increase the energetic content of the biogas are presented and discussed. Solids handling and management, which comprises ~60% of the operational cost of a WWTP, is estimated to save more than $100 M annually by achieving at least 20% reduction in the annual production of biosolids within the US. This review incorporates an assessment of various pretreatment methods to optimize the anaerobic digestion of waste sludges with a focus on maximizing both biosolids reduction and biogas quality.
title:Impacts of different biochar types on the anaerobic digestion of sewage sludge,abstract:RSC Advances (2019), 9, 42375-42386, doi:10.1039/C9RA08700A
title:13399_2019_482_Article 1..9,abstract:
title:Effects of Sulfamethoxazole on the Microbial Community Dynamics During the Anaerobic Digestion Process,abstract:Anaerobic digestion (AD) treatment of cattle manure and slurry makes it possible to produce biogas, a renewable and storable biofuel, as well as digestate, a residual organic compost that can be used to replace chemical fertilizers.
title:Simultaneous nutrition removal and high-efficiency biomass and lipid accumulation by microalgae using anaerobic digested effluent from cattle manure combined with municipal wastewater,abstract:Biotechnology for Biofuels, https://doi.org/10.1186/s13068-019-1553-1
title:Effect of Clinoptilolite and Halloysite Addition on Biogas Production and Microbial Community Structure during Anaerobic Digestion,abstract:The study presents a comparison of the influence of a clinoptilolite-rich rock—zeolite (commonly used for improving anaerobic digestion processes)—and a highly porous clay mineral, halloysite (mainly used for gas purification), on the biogas production process. Batch experiments showed that the addition of each mineral increased the efficiency of mesophilic anaerobic digestion of both sewage sludge and maize silage. However, halloysite generated 15% higher biogas production during maize silage transformation. Halloysite also contributed to a much higher reduction of chemical oxygen demand for both substrates (by ~8% for maize silage and ~14% for sewage sludge) and a higher reduction of volatile solids and total ammonia for maize silage (by ~8% and ~4%, respectively). Metagenomic analysis of the microbial community structure showed that the addition of both mineral sorbents influenced the presence of key members of archaea and bacteria occurring in a well-operated biogas reactor. The significant difference between zeolite and halloysite is that the latter promoted the immobilization of key methanogenic archaea Methanolinea (belong to Methanomicrobia class). Based on this result, we postulate that halloysite could be useful not only as a sorbent for (bio)gas treatment methodologies but also as an agent for improving biogas production.
title:Early warning indicators for mesophilic anaerobic digestion of corn stalk: a combined experimental and simulation approach,abstract:Biotechnology for Biofuels, https://doi.org/10.1186/s13068-019-1442-7

将上面的文献的每行分成以下四个类别:
1. Material addition effects of anaerobic digestion 
2. Microbial effects of anaerobic digestion
3. Analysis of anaerobic digestion systems
4. Impact of anaerobic digestion on biogas production
输出格式为
第一行类别(1或者2或者3或者4)/第二行类别(1或者2或者3或者4)/...